questionsGroupId,subjectName,year,question,optionA,optionB,optionC,optionD,correctAnswer,explanation,questionImageUrl,hasImage
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Tom is REFINED but his brother is rather .......", arrogant, crude, unskillful, foolish,crude,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013," From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Lions are in EXTINCTION in The Gambia but monkeys are still in .......", action, existence, vogue, custody,existence,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Mary's explanation was EXPLICIT but mine was .....", long, winding, vague, irrelevant,vague,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time correctly fill the gap in the sentence. The Major demanded an UNALLOYED, and not a .... loyalty from his soldiers.", strict, wavering, clumsy, alterable,wavering,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time correctly fill the gap in the sentence. The BREVITY of the President's speech contrasts with the ..... of the Secretary's", accuracy, vagueness, clarity, verbosity, verbosity,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time correctly fill the gap in the sentence. I can vouch that he broke the glass ACCIDENTALLY and not .....", forcefully, directly, carefully, deliberately, deliberately,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Only question one is COMPULSORY; therefore, the rest are .....", easy, clear, confusing, optional, optional,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time correctly fill the gap in the sentence. The Magistrate CONVICTED the hardened criminal but .....and discharged the first offender", acquitted, jailed, released, sentenced,acquitted,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Houses built with bricks are STURDY while those built with glass are .....", temporary, fragile, beautiful, cosy,fragile,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time correctly fill the gap in the sentence. The principal is very STRICT but his vice is .....", peaceful, lenient, kind, efficient,lenient,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes the sentence below. The brutal killing of members of the opposition provoked strong ......", condemnation, accusation, molestation, denial,condemnation,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes the sentence below. The doctor ....... my illness as malaria", discovered, diagnosed, prescribed, announced,diagnosed,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes the sentence below.Since we should not disclose our identity, our letter to the principal must be .....", unclear, anonymous, ambigous, candid,anonymous,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes the sentence below. Although we pleaded for long with our father, he remained ....... that we should not go to the stadium.", callous, curious, adamant, candid,adamant,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes the sentence below. Since hard drugs are destroying our youths, our government has placed an ....... on them", injunction, infringement, order, embargo, embargo,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes the sentence below. Oseli's ....... teacher teaches English, Physics, Economics and Technical Drawing.", efficient, jovial, kind, versatile, versatile,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes the sentence below. Some political leaders love ....... who always praise their governments.", sycophants, parasites, allies, favourites,sycophants,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes the sentence below. The ....... of the new king will take place next week",re-election ,demolition ,coronation ,re-admission ,coronation,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes the sentence below. The match was a ..... for Brazil because their team was stronger than the opposing team.", profit, giveaway, walkover, defeat,walkover,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes the sentence below. Kofi is too ....... ; he wants to know about everybody's business", inquisitive, friendly, concerned, busy,inquisitive,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"After the sentence below, a list of possible interpretations is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for the sentence. Ali does not let grass grow under his feet. This means that Ali",does not waste time in doing things ,is very wicked ,cuts the grass in his field always ,is very selfish ,does not waste time in doing things,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"After the sentence below, a list of possible interpretations is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for the sentence. The dishonest trader always palms off faulty goods on her customers. This means that",handles bad goods ,refunds money to her customers ,tricks her customers into accepting bad products ,pays the penalty for selling faulty goods ,tricks her customers into accepting bad products,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"After the sentence below, a list of possible interpretations is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for the sentence. Ojo's learning has gone to his head. This means that Ojo",has become proud because of his learning ,has learnt too much ,has been made mad by his learning ,feels that only learning is important ,has become proud because of his learning ,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"After the sentence below, a list of possible interpretations is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for the sentence. When the vice principal left the school, it became a bedlam. This means that",every student attended school regularly ,punctuality was the order of the day ,many students boycotted classes ,there was noise and confusion in the school ,there was noise and confusion in the school ,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"After the sentence below, a list of possible interpretations is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for the sentence. That amount Ivan donated was his widow's mite. This means that Ivan",gave all that the widow had ,was miserly ,gave all that he had ,could have given more ,gave all that he had,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"After the sentence below, a list of possible interpretations is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for the sentence. Fatou's awkward behavior shows that she is a green horn. This means that Fatou is", arrogant, inexperienced, inattentive, cautious,inexperienced,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"After the sentence below, a list of possible interpretations is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for the sentence. To secure more votes, the politician played to the gallery. This means that the politician",became over confident ,attempted to win cheap popularity ,was selfish ,went to the gallery ,attempted to win cheap popularity,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"After the sentence below, a list of possible interpretations is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for the sentence. Those who think that all is well in Cascadia are living in a fool's paradise . This means that",they are fools ,some fools live in Cascadia ,they are under an illusion ,they are almost insane ,they are under an illusion,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"After the sentence below, a list of possible interpretations is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for the sentence. While playing a visit to his uncle, Ayo intends to kill two birds with one stone. This means that Ayo",promises to bring two birds home ,takes part in a double deal ,hopes to achieve two aims with one action ,intends to do two things at the same time ,hopes to achieve two aims with one action,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"After the sentence below, a list of possible interpretations is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for the sentence. People hardly show their true colors. This means that people rarely show",their abilities ,how colourful they can be ,their real character,how noble they are ,their real character,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D below,choose the word or groups of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Mary was kept in SOLITARY confinement.", idle, quiet, lonely, harsh,lonely,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D below,choose the word or groups of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Buba has a very ALLURING personality.", attractive, intricate, deceptive, interesting,attractive,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D below,choose the word or groups of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Hard drugs are DETRIMENTAL to health.", paramount, ineffective, necessary, harmful, harmful,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D below,choose the word or groups of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. My father remains INFLEXIBLE once he has taken a decision", certain, relaxed, permanent, unyeilding, unyeilding,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D below,choose the word or groups of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Maxwell usually makes OBNOXIOUS remarks.", prudent, offensive, unpredictable, queer,offensive,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D below,choose the word or groups of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. We should PREVAIL UPON Kwesi to accept the job", provoke, persuade, cajole, force,persuade,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D below,choose the word or groups of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. The team has AN ARDUOUS task ahead of it.",a severe ,a heavy ,a strenous ,an enjoyable ,a strenous,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D below,choose the word or groups of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. The two tasks should be undertaken CONCURRENTLY", consecutively, alternatively, immediately, simultaneously, simultaneously,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D below,choose the word or groups of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. The students were told to REVIEW their assignments.",re-examine ,recount ,inspect ,return ,re-examine,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words lettered A to D below,choose the word or groups of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Marian does not have the STAMINA to run that race.", courage, energy, determination, ability,energy,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. I want just ...... sugar in my tea.",a few ,small ,little ,a little ,a little ,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. Since the opposing parties could not come to an agreement, the peace talks .......",broke up ,broke down ,broke through ,broke out ,broke down,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. Children often have implicit confidence ....... their parents.",for,on,with,in,in,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. If i had heard the news earlier, I ...... stayed at home.",would have ,will have ,will not have ,would have not ,would have,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. The order is that everyone must be ....... bed by midnight.",on,inside,in,within,in,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. To succeed in any business, one must be prepared to shake ....... one's lazy habits.",off,over,down,of,off,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. ......... in his right senses will swallow live coals.",Anyone,No one,Everyone,Each one,No one,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. One of the clever pupils .....able to solve the problem.",can,was,were,are,was,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. He has stopped being foolish .........?",doesn't he ,does he ,hasn't he ,isn't it ,hasn't he,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. I maintain that the property in question is ......",mine,our,my,their,mine,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. Although Sylvester and John promised to be here, ...... has turned up.",both,all,neither,either,neither,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. The house ....... he lives is spacious.",that,where,by which,to which,where,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. It is high time you ...... this place.",left ,leave ,had left ,have left ,left,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. Since you have lost your birth certificate, you have to go ....... an affidavit.",for,in,on,to,for,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. The musicians have not arrived from Sierra Leone, .......?",had they ,hadn't they ,haven't they ,have they ,have they ,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. On my way home, I saw a ........",one-legged young mad man ,young one-legged mad man ,one-legged mad young man ,mad one-legged young man ,one-legged young mad man,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. People living in villages have a passion ...... animals.",to,with,for,of,for,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. Kebba and Kwame are very selfish; they care about only .....",themselves ,one another ,each other ,himself ,themselves,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. You had better ...... your assignment now.",did,done,doing,do,do,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. Our kind teacher only cautioned the bully and let him.....",off,by,over,away,off,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. My .....house is on the next street",father-in-law's ,father's-in-law ,fathers' in-law ,father-in-laws' ,father-in-law's,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. The Mathematics teacher made us commit the formula ...... memory.",on,to,into,by,to,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. Momodou has been ill ......three weeks now.", since, for, through, before,for,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. They kept quiet all the .......", where, period, while, interval,while,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. ....... caused the havoc, he sneaked off.", On, After, Since, Having, Having,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. The point on ....... we disagreed was trivial.", which, whom, what, whose,which,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. How did you arrive at ..... wonderful conclusion?",a such ,that a ,that such ,such a ,such a ,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. The government cannot ....... the decision any longer.",put on ,put off ,put up ,put back ,put up,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. The teachers ...... our poor performance in the examinations.",are discussing on ,were discussing about ,had discussed on ,were discussing ,were discussing ,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. The wise thing to do is not to give ...... to the temptation.",in,on,for,with,in,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. My sister told me all ....... was said at the meeting.", that, what, which, who,that,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. The quarrel between Olu and Ola will end up .....a fight.",by,in,with,among,in,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. Musa did not want to fetch water for his grandfather ......, his mother made him do it.", even, otherwise, nevertheless, moreover,nevertheless,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. The citizens welcomed all the African .......",heads of states ,heads of state ,head of states ,head of state ,heads of state,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes the sentence below. Mother said she saw Alfred .......?",did she ,she didn't ,she did ,didn't she ,didn't she ,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"In recent times, more and more people have become aware of the - of the stock market and the possibility of making huge profits from investing in stocks and shares. The process is quite easy: a person either buys the shares directly during a public - or does so through professional institutions or experts known as stock - . Thereafter, the buyer is issued with a share - to show that he owns shares in a company. Investing in stocks and shares can be for a long or short term. A long-term investor does not hurry to sell his shares at any slight increase in price but instead is satisfied with the - which the company sends to him and other - annually from the - it declares. This is usually paid according to the number of - the investor holds. Those who invest for a short-term, on the other hand, sell their shares as soon as they can make reasonable profit from their investment. However, it is advisable to be cautious because the stock market can be very - and occasionally there are -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", trading, operations, methods, transactions,operations,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"In recent times, more and more people have become aware of the - of the stock market and the possibility of making huge profits from investing in stocks and shares. The process is quite easy: a person either buys the shares directly during a public - or does so through professional institutions or experts known as stock - . Thereafter, the buyer is issued with a share - to show that he owns shares in a company. Investing in stocks and shares can be for a long or short term. A long-term investor does not hurry to sell his shares at any slight increase in price but instead is satisfied with the - which the company sends to him and other - annually from the - it declares. This is usually paid according to the number of - the investor holds. Those who invest for a short-term, on the other hand, sell their shares as soon as they can make reasonable profit from their investment. However, it is advisable to be cautious because the stock market can be very - and occasionally there are -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", offer, lottery, action, sale,offer,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"In recent times, more and more people have become aware of the - of the stock market and the possibility of making huge profits from investing in stocks and shares. The process is quite easy: a person either buys the shares directly during a public - or does so through professional institutions or experts known as stock - . Thereafter, the buyer is issued with a share - to show that he owns shares in a company. Investing in stocks and shares can be for a long or short term. A long-term investor does not hurry to sell his shares at any slight increase in price but instead is satisfied with the - which the company sends to him and other - annually from the - it declares. This is usually paid according to the number of - the investor holds. Those who invest for a short-term, on the other hand, sell their shares as soon as they can make reasonable profit from their investment. However, it is advisable to be cautious because the stock market can be very - and occasionally there are -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", traders, clients, brokers, marketers,brokers,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"In recent times, more and more people have become aware of the - of the stock market and the possibility of making huge profits from investing in stocks and shares. The process is quite easy: a person either buys the shares directly during a public - or does so through professional institutions or experts known as stock - . Thereafter, the buyer is issued with a share - to show that he owns shares in a company. Investing in stocks and shares can be for a long or short term. A long-term investor does not hurry to sell his shares at any slight increase in price but instead is satisfied with the - which the company sends to him and other - annually from the - it declares. This is usually paid according to the number of - the investor holds. Those who invest for a short-term, on the other hand, sell their shares as soon as they can make reasonable profit from their investment. However, it is advisable to be cautious because the stock market can be very - and occasionally there are -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", warrant, identification, notice, certificate, certificate,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"In recent times, more and more people have become aware of the - of the stock market and the possibility of making huge profits from investing in stocks and shares. The process is quite easy: a person either buys the shares directly during a public - or does so through professional institutions or experts known as stock - . Thereafter, the buyer is issued with a share - to show that he owns shares in a company. Investing in stocks and shares can be for a long or short term. A long-term investor does not hurry to sell his shares at any slight increase in price but instead is satisfied with the - which the company sends to him and other - annually from the - it declares. This is usually paid according to the number of - the investor holds. Those who invest for a short-term, on the other hand, sell their shares as soon as they can make reasonable profit from their investment. However, it is advisable to be cautious because the stock market can be very - and occasionally there are -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", dividend, reward, money, payment,dividend,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"In recent times, more and more people have become aware of the - of the stock market and the possibility of making huge profits from investing in stocks and shares. The process is quite easy: a person either buys the shares directly during a public - or does so through professional institutions or experts known as stock - . Thereafter, the buyer is issued with a share - to show that he owns shares in a company. Investing in stocks and shares can be for a long or short term. A long-term investor does not hurry to sell his shares at any slight increase in price but instead is satisfied with the - which the company sends to him and other - annually from the - it declares. This is usually paid according to the number of - the investor holds. Those who invest for a short-term, on the other hand, sell their shares as soon as they can make reasonable profit from their investment. However, it is advisable to be cautious because the stock market can be very - and occasionally there are -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", buyers, people, creditors, shareholders,buyers,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"In recent times, more and more people have become aware of the - of the stock market and the possibility of making huge profits from investing in stocks and shares. The process is quite easy: a person either buys the shares directly during a public - or does so through professional institutions or experts known as stock - . Thereafter, the buyer is issued with a share - to show that he owns shares in a company. Investing in stocks and shares can be for a long or short term. A long-term investor does not hurry to sell his shares at any slight increase in price but instead is satisfied with the - which the company sends to him and other - annually from the - it declares. This is usually paid according to the number of - the investor holds. Those who invest for a short-term, on the other hand, sell their shares as soon as they can make reasonable profit from their investment. However, it is advisable to be cautious because the stock market can be very - and occasionally there are -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", amount, profit, value, units,profit,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"In recent times, more and more people have become aware of the - of the stock market and the possibility of making huge profits from investing in stocks and shares. The process is quite easy: a person either buys the shares directly during a public - or does so through professional institutions or experts known as stock - . Thereafter, the buyer is issued with a share - to show that he owns shares in a company. Investing in stocks and shares can be for a long or short term. A long-term investor does not hurry to sell his shares at any slight increase in price but instead is satisfied with the - which the company sends to him and other - annually from the - it declares. This is usually paid according to the number of - the investor holds. Those who invest for a short-term, on the other hand, sell their shares as soon as they can make reasonable profit from their investment. However, it is advisable to be cautious because the stock market can be very - and occasionally there are -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", items, papers, shares, receipts,shares,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"In recent times, more and more people have become aware of the - of the stock market and the possibility of making huge profits from investing in stocks and shares. The process is quite easy: a person either buys the shares directly during a public - or does so through professional institutions or experts known as stock - . Thereafter, the buyer is issued with a share - to show that he owns shares in a company. Investing in stocks and shares can be for a long or short term. A long-term investor does not hurry to sell his shares at any slight increase in price but instead is satisfied with the - which the company sends to him and other - annually from the - it declares. This is usually paid according to the number of - the investor holds. Those who invest for a short-term, on the other hand, sell their shares as soon as they can make reasonable profit from their investment. However, it is advisable to be cautious because the stock market can be very - and occasionally there are -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", unsure, independent, elusive, unstable, unstable,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"In recent times, more and more people have become aware of the - of the stock market and the possibility of making huge profits from investing in stocks and shares. The process is quite easy: a person either buys the shares directly during a public - or does so through professional institutions or experts known as stock - . Thereafter, the buyer is issued with a share - to show that he owns shares in a company. Investing in stocks and shares can be for a long or short term. A long-term investor does not hurry to sell his shares at any slight increase in price but instead is satisfied with the - which the company sends to him and other - annually from the - it declares. This is usually paid according to the number of - the investor holds. Those who invest for a short-term, on the other hand, sell their shares as soon as they can make reasonable profit from their investment. However, it is advisable to be cautious because the stock market can be very - and occasionally there are -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", falls, crashes, slips, drops,falls,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", tasks, activities, proffessions, duties,proffessions,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", societies, clubs, groups, individuals,groups,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", coerce, motivate, force, allow,motivate,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", attainment, creation, enforcement, evolution,attainment,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", secret, outing, naming, initiation, initiation,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", formal, special, exclusive, privileged,special,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", diet, dishes, menu, meal, meal,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", friendly, school, peer, sex,peer,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", fixed, formed, organized, shaped,organized,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", hierarchy, step, method, prefects,hierarchy,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", supervisors, officers, pupils, prefects, prefects,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.",timetable,set-up,curriculum,calendar,timetable,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", reviewing, shaping, creating, repairing,shaping,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", behaviour, success, learning, objective,behaviour,,,FALSE
eqQi6ABbJlxzB2YOUCkc,WAEC English Language,2013,"One of the world’s oldest - is teaching. There must have been - who were respected because they were able to guide and - children towards the - of the desired goals of their communities. The - ceremonies for young adults common to many cultures are part of - education process of those cultures .There are also many informal ways of educating the young ones. When a young girl helps her mother in preparing the family -, she is learning culinary skills in an informal setting. One’s - group has a great influence on one. In the formal set-up of our schools today, education is well -. There is the - of authority from the principal down to the class -. We have a fixed - which plays an important role in - our attitudes and conditioning our - and responses to the demands of our -. From the four options lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the number  in the passage below.", home, area, place, society, society,,,FALSE
