questionsGroupId,subjectName,year,question,optionA,optionB,optionC,optionD,correctAnswer,explanation,questionImageUrl,hasImage
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning in the uppercase word and that will at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. The road which used to be WIDE now appears.......because of the new drainage.", Widing, Limited, Narrow, Reduced,Narrow,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning in the uppercase word and that will at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. In the past, anybody who ANGERED the gods was made to.....them.", Appease, Reward, Settle, Beg,Appease,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning in the uppercase word and that will at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Rather than being SENSITIVE to the plight of the workers, the manager remained......", Disdainful, Curious, Negligent, Indifferent, Indifferent,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning in the uppercase word and that will at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. A KEEN student makes progress but the....one hardly does well.", Inactive, Lowly, Nervous, Reluctant, Reluctant,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning in the uppercase word and that will at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Unlike you, i thought the message was quite....not AMBIGUOUS.", Reasonable, Clear, Apt, Persuasive,Clear,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning in the uppercase word and that will at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Good qualities ALLEVIATE poverty whereas bad ones...it.", Prolong, Activate, Aggravate, Provoke,Aggravate,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning in the uppercase word and that will at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. One expects books kept in the library to be well....not JUMBLED", Numbered, Documented, Arranged, Listed,Arranged,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning in the uppercase word and that will at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Despite everything, i chose to KEEP rather than....the secret.", Rennounce, Show, Reveal, Display,Reveal,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning in the uppercase word and that will at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Though the teachers....the idea, the principal was AVERSE to it.", welcomed, recognised, admitted, greeted,welcomed,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning in the uppercase word and that will at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. It is only natural to feel NERVOUS when you first take the stage but you soon become.....", balanced, peaceful, normal, composed, composed,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. Don't tell me you are....enough to believe his lies., credible, childish, modest, naive, naive,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The members of parliaments tabled an.....to the constitution., adjustment, amendment, enactment, annulment,amendment,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. His.....to violent video games is something to worry about., devotion, attatchment, commitment, addiction, addiction,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"Choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. Most people think that....punishment should be abolished, even in murder cases.", fatal, capital, severe, corporal,capital,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The president made a....appeal for calm in the face if the crisis., passionnate, zealous, tactful, sensitive,passionnate,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. What i gave you was supposed to.....your monthly earnings, expand, enlarge, complete, augment, augment,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The boy's parents.....a sigh of relief when he was found., raised, uttered, uttered, heaved, heaved,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. We....the meeting indefinitely because we could not form a quorum., postponed, reconvened, adjourned, ended,postponed,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The police man tried to.....money from the motorist., exert, extort, exact, extract,extort,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. They were given an....either pay the rent or vacate the premises., ultimatum, injuction, admonition, undertaking,ultimatum,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations are given. choose the interpretation that is most appropriate. My school carried the day in the debate. This means that my school",missed the debate ,won the debate ,choose the date for debate ,had very good points ,won the debate,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations are given. choose the interpretation that is most appropriate. We covered much ground at the conference yesterday. This means that we",discussed some issues ,treated many issues ,used a lot of space ,argued about many things ,treated many issues,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations are given. choose the interpretation that is most appropriate. We saw Ada, of all people, dancing. This means",we saw Ada for the first time ,we saw Ada dancing with everyone ,Ada didn't want us to see her dancing ,we were surprised to see Ada dancing ,we were surprised to see Ada dancing ,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations are given. choose the interpretation that is most appropriate. There were clear indications that Buba backed the wrong horse. This means that Buba",supported the wrong person ,argued blindly ,abandoned this position ,bet on a loosing horse ,supported the wrong person,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations are given. choose the interpretation that is most appropriate. I knew that they were economical with the the truth. This means that they",were being honest ,did not know the truth ,did not know enough about the matter ,knew more than they were prepared to say ,knew more than they were prepared to say ,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations are given. choose the interpretation that is most appropriate. My mother wanted to know what was eating him. This means that she wanted to find out",what has made him become lean ,what he was spending his money ,why he was upset ,why he ignored him ,why he was upset,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations are given. choose the interpretation that is most appropriate. People who tells lies makes me see red. This means that such people make me", dizzy, angry, sad, anxious,angry,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations are given. choose the interpretation that is most appropriate. After several attempts to claim the child, he threw in the towel. This means that he",succeeded finally ,accepted defeat ,gained confidence ,became indifferent ,accepted defeat,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations are given. choose the interpretation that is most appropriate. This is their third defeat in a row. This means that they have",been defeated three times ,defeated three teams consectively ,been defeated by three teams ,suffered three consecutive defeats ,suffered three consecutive defeats ,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations are given. choose the interpretation that is most appropriate. The company has been under siege from the public. This means that the company is being", applauded, picketed, criticized, shielded,picketed,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Most people ABHOR nagging.`, scorn, despise, reject, slight,despise,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. I really hope beatrice would be KIND enough to let us stay the night., generous, polite, gracious, gentle,generous,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. I personally think that the costume OUTLANDISH, outdated, strange, unique, foreign,strange,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. He did all he could to FORTIFY the building against attack., defend, secure, shield, support,secure,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. This is one decision you cannot DEFEND, justify, explain, support, express,support,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. He simply dislikes he's wife's INORDINATE demands for money., frequent, excessive, repeated, indecent,excessive,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Bravery is Victor's most DOMINANT trait, admirable, outstanding, suitable, influencial,outstanding,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. It's always better to buy DURABLE products, authentic, expensive, permanent, lasting, lasting,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Where did this document EMANATE from., originate, emerge, appear, arise,originate,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. The management APPLAUDED the staff for their hardwork, adored, commended, encouraged, recommended,commended,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. We arrive just....time for the formal opening.",in,after,before,at,in,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. I didn't tell my parents about the trip because they would be....themselves with worry.",at,upon,within,beside,beside,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. She claimes....someone jump over the fence",seeing ,to have seen ,having seen ,to be seeing ,to have seen,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. Kofi said he is better at physics....",as i am ,than i am ,as i am ,than i do ,than i am,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. Her shoes are made....genuine leather",on,of,with,by,of,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. Even after his explanations, i was none the", wiser, wise, wisest, worse,wiser,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. I spoke to Mary and Peter on the issue but....of them took my advice.", All, neither, either, each,neither,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. You like ice cream, .....",didn't you ,did you ,isn't it ,don't you ,don't you ,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. We need to.....for lost time.",make in ,make by ,make up ,make through ,make up,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. Everyone wants to be the.......favourite",school principal ,school's principal's ,school principal's ,school's principal ,school principal's,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. The haircut makes him.....in the crowd.",stand out ,stand tall ,stand in ,stand on ,stand out,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D, choose the word or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. .....in this town form many years, i can tell you a lot about its people.",from living ,to have lived ,having lived ,in living ,having lived,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. I don't believe that any..... person would do such a thing", matured, mature, maturing, matures,mature,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. The coach, as well as the players....given fantastic gifts last month.",was,were,are,is,were,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. If he....here, he would do it for free",is,was,were,will be,was,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. Had she told me, i.....you",will have stopped ,would have stopped ,would stop ,must have stopped ,would have stopped,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. Since his transfer to Banjul, my brother......our hometown",had not been visiting ,did not visit ,has not visited ,had not visited ,has not visited,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. The Minister....Agriculture visited our school today",to,an,of,in,of,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. I was barely half way home when darkness....",set out ,set in ,set up ,set off ,set in,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. You must obtain a degree....medicine to become a doctor",on,for,of,in,in,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. We'll buy more but for now lets just....with what we have",make up ,make do ,make away ,make out ,make do,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. They told her that we would solve the problem....", herself, himself, themselves, ourselves, ourselves,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. The sport i like....is swimming", better, much, most, more,most,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. If you insist that you are not a tailor.....are you?", whom, which, what, who,what,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. If your grades dont improve, i shall have no option...to move you to another school", than, except, besides, but,than,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. I...rather he did not stay", could, should, will, would, would,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. Your submission is ....",neither here or there ,either here or there ,either here nor there ,neither there or here ,either here or there,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. Every one of the boys.....excited about the picnic.",was seeming ,is seeming ,seem ,seems ,seems ,,,FALSE
gOcrvuBvvzYW7IdWIT9Z,WAEC English Language,2016,"From the words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. You...be ashamed of yourself for saying such a thing before the principal.",we,should,might,shall,should,,,FALSE
