questionsGroupId,subjectName,year,question,optionA,optionB,optionC,optionD,correctAnswer,explanation,questionImageUrl,hasImage
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. The officer was expected to be.....by his boss, but he was CENSURED.", questioned, paraised, decorated, guided,decorated,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. The honour that was CONFERRED on the general has been....", withdrawn, confirmed, rejected, destroyed,withdrawn,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. The MODEST young man was rewarded while his....brother was punished", intelligent, handsome, conceited, wicked,conceited,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Young people are known for their....which contrast with the COMPOSURE of adults", ability, instability, activity, credibility,instability,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. It is a fact that PRIDE is a less admirable quality than....", humility, honesty, affection, tenderness,humility,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. It is obvious that many people many people prefer AFFLUENCE to....", scarcity, thrift, waste, poverty, poverty,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. While some workers felt that the term were AMICABLE; others thought tat they were....", strange, disagreeable, bad, hostile, hostile,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. Now that the people of this community are living in COMFORT, i dont think they will want to go back to their days of....", disappointment, hardship, strife, starvation,hardship,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. False withness CASTIGATE rather than....the accused", expose, appease, punish, exonerate, exonerate,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the list of words lettered A to D, choose the one that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentence. The some teachers DISSUADE students from studying Mathematics, but others...them", motivate, lure, instruct, reward,motivate,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the word lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. After assuring the authorities that he would not escape, the prisoner was released on...", suspension, recored, parole, probation,parole,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the word lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. A judge is required to....justice fairly.", defer, dispense, define, dispel,dispense,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the word lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The disease was....by the doctors as pneumonia.", diagnosed, prescribed, constructed, decided,diagnosed,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the word lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The court granted an....against the eviction of the tenants.", adjournment, injunction, indictment, adjudication,injunction,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the word lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. He was given a certificate of....in English.", efficacy, efficiency, proficiency, sufficiency,proficiency,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the word lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The...years of a child's life mould his character", restrained, constructive, confllicting, formative, formative,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the word lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. Public money used be used only for...", purposes, legitimate, discreet, legal, purposes,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the word lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The truth of the evidence is...", irreversible, irrefutable, irreparable, irretrieveable,irrefutable,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"From the word lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. As a millionaire he lives in ...", prudence, affluence, frugality, abundance,affluence,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"After each of the following sentence, a list of possible interpretations is given. choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. On hearing the news, he flew off the handle. This means that he",changed his decision ,ran away ,felt very disappointed ,became very angry ,became very angry ,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"After each of the following sentence, a list of possible interpretations is given. choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. John's money was barely enough to keep the wolf away from the door. This means that",john had killed the wolf ,the money was just sufficient ,the situation was just desperate ,john spent money lavishly ,the situation was just desperate,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"After each of the following sentence, a list of possible interpretations is given. choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. He was given the boot by the chairman. This mean that he was",offered a pair of boots ,promoted ,sacked ,sent to buy boots ,sacked,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"After each of the following sentence, a list of possible interpretations is given. choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. Since he left home, he has been trying to find his feet. This means that he",has been suffering alot ,lost his pair of shoes ,has forgotten about his relatives ,has been trying to get used to his new situation ,has been trying to get used to his new situation ,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"After each of the following sentence, a list of possible interpretations is given. choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. He finds it difficult to put out with her attitude. This means that he finds it difficult to",tolerate her behaviour ,understand her behaviour ,determine her behaviour ,consider her behaviour ,tolerate her behaviour ,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"After each of the following sentence, a list of possible interpretations is given. choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. The government troop extended the olive branch to the rebels. This means that the government troops",has reached a critical stage ,killed a lot of rebels ,were ready for peace ,defended their territory bravely ,were ready for peace,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"After each of the following sentence, a list of possible interpretations is given. choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. At the last minute, he had cold feet. This means that he",suddenly fell ill ,became nervous ,lost his imagination ,reject the offer ,became nervous ,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"After each of the following sentence, a list of possible interpretations is given. choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. He was advised to pull himself together. This means that he was advised to",keep his plans secret ,change his mind ,control himself ,keep the matter to himself ,control himself,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"After each of the following sentence, a list of possible interpretations is given. choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. He was sad to learn that his friend had gone around the bend. This means that his friend has",gone oversees ,gone mad ,lost his job ,been very ill ,gone mad,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"After each of the following sentence, a list of possible interpretations is given. choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. The young young quickly paid his debt to save his face. This means that the young man",wanted to avoid disgrace ,did not want to be slapped ,wanted to preserve his looks ,did not want to be a debtor ,wanted to avoid disgrace ,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Modou is ENDOWED with a great potential., enlightened, provided, gifted, inspired,gifted,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Collaboration is ESSENTIAL to success of the team, desired, indespensable, effective, appropraite,indespensable,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. I really wish to assure you that we now have a RELIABLE leader., Dependable, realistic, sensible, resolute,Dependable,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Children often behave badly out of IGNORANCE, illiteracy, inexperienced, unfamiliarity, simplicity,illiteracy,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. This is a CHANCE of a life time,an advantage ,a privilege ,an opportuinity ,a possibility ,an opportuinity,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. She lived a VIRTUOUS life, modest, brave, normal, righteous, righteous,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. Olu insisted on his FREEDOM to choose his career., wish, independence, ability, right, right,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. HINDERING justice may earn you a fine, impeding, retarding, stopping, Delaying,impeding,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. The professor's explanation of the point was very LUCID, long, clear, prompt, complicated,clear,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the word or group of words that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word as it is used in the sentence. The LUMINOUS hands of the clock attracted the baby, bright, colourful, glaring, beautiful,bright,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. That utterance is quit unlike you, please,come.....it", through, of, off, against,off,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. If i...enough money, i would buy a car.",had ,have had ,had had ,have ,have had,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. He should take.....the appointment next week.,in,up,on,to,up,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. In trying to escape, the thief ran......the police.",upon,by,into,through,into,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. I have always counted.....his friendship.,in,to,with,on,on,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. The caller was told to.....the line,hold off ,hold up ,hold on ,hold ,hold on,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. The coach.....him to have scored a goal,was expecting ,expected ,had expected ,has expected ,had expected,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. After eating all the mangoes, he shouldn't complain of stomach,......",isn't it ,would he ,should he ,should it ,should he,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. Mary did her best.....failed to reach the pass mark, but, however, so, and,but,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. The authorities have shown no sign of giving.....to their demands., off, away, over, in, in,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,hoose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. We must hurry now for there is not.....time left , some, much, plenty, any, much,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. Those properties are...sale,up for ,up on ,out for ,down for ,up for,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. I have always preffered unripe plantain....yam,to,than,from,for,to,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. Give it to Aminata, it is.....",her,their,yours,hers,hers,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. Please, dont speak evil...the dead",to,of,on,for,of,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. My brother was about...his house when i arrived,to leaving ,to have left ,to leave ,to be leaving ,to leave,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. Neither Jack nor Jill....there yesterday,are,were,is,was,was,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. I have ....completed the task.,more and less ,more or less ,more than less ,more but less ,more or less,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. After two hours of continuous work, the group broke.....lunch.",with,from,for,to,for,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. He finally hit.......the idea of travelling abroad,out,at,on,up,on,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. The standard of education has gone.....,out,at,on,up,out,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. The council appointed a.....committee to look into the matter.,five-men ,five-men's ,five man ,five-man's ,five man,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. After the quarrel. he made it.....to his friend.,in,out,on,up,up,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. The task is.....for us to undertake.,much too difficult ,too much difficult ,more too difficult ,quit to difficult ,much too difficult,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. I will always stand ......him,by,with,to,for,by,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. If i...enough money, i would buy a car.We arrived just....time for the grand opening.",by,about,before,in,in,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. Bakary can lift this heavy log,....?",isn't it ,can't he ,does he ,doesn't he ,can't he,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. The president's speech......yesterday at  p.m.,is broadcast ,is being broadcast ,has been broadcast ,was broadcast ,was broadcast ,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,Choose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. It is such a bad place..... i will never dream of going there again, thus, therefore, that, then,therefore,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,hoose the words or group of words that best completes each of the following sentences. We will leave... you are ready,as when ,whenever ,as ever ,soon as ,whenever,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"The life of a professional sportsman is hectic. Consider his typical day. As soon as he wakes up in the money, he jumps out of bed hurriedly and wears his....promptly, he goes out to ....for an hour or so, covering a few miles. However, on some other days, he might choose to practice with skipping.....at home. Having completed whichever one it is, he goes in for a shower and dresses for the day's training....this phase varies according to his specialty. If he is a boxer, he goes into the.....to deal with the punching bag and later with a sparring partner, usually under the watchful.....of his coach. If he is a sprinter, he engages in continuous practice.... his performance with a stopwatch. If he is in football, netball, volley ball, or lawn tennies, he can best practice with others while the coach watches, calling attention to specific skills and.....not mastered. In most cases, training lasts virtually the better part of a day, and often in discussion where certain technicalities are ironed out. Now, when medals are ...., most people who just watch actions on television hardly realize what it takes to become a star. When all the....are considered and the high risk taken into account, one would realize that a star is worth the millions he earns. In the passage above the number  indicates a missing word. Four options are given in a column lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the gap.",jump suit ,tracksuit ,swimsuit ,shell suit ,tracksuit,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"The life of a professional sportsman is hectic. Consider his typical day. As soon as he wakes up in the money, he jumps out of bed hurriedly and wears his....promptly, he goes out to ....for an hour or so, covering a few miles. However, on some other days, he might choose to practice with skipping.....at home. Having completed whichever one it is, he goes in for a shower and dresses for the day's training....this phase varies according to his specialty. If he is a boxer, he goes into the.....to deal with the punching bag and later with a sparring partner, usually under the watchful.....of his coach. If he is a sprinter, he engages in continuous practice.... his performance with a stopwatch. If he is in football, netball, volley ball, or lawn tennies, he can best practice with others while the coach watches, calling attention to specific skills and.....not mastered. In most cases, training lasts virtually the better part of a day, and often in discussion where certain technicalities are ironed out. Now, when medals are ...., most people who just watch actions on television hardly realize what it takes to become a star. When all the....are considered and the high risk taken into account, one would realize that a star is worth the millions he earns. In the passage above the number  indicates a missing word. Four options are given in a column lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the gap.", trot, skip, jog, jump,jog,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"The life of a professional sportsman is hectic. Consider his typical day. As soon as he wakes up in the money, he jumps out of bed hurriedly and wears his....promptly, he goes out to ....for an hour or so, covering a few miles. However, on some other days, he might choose to practice with skipping.....at home. Having completed whichever one it is, he goes in for a shower and dresses for the day's training....this phase varies according to his specialty. If he is a boxer, he goes into the.....to deal with the punching bag and later with a sparring partner, usually under the watchful.....of his coach. If he is a sprinter, he engages in continuous practice.... his performance with a stopwatch. If he is in football, netball, volley ball, or lawn tennies, he can best practice with others while the coach watches, calling attention to specific skills and.....not mastered. In most cases, training lasts virtually the better part of a day, and often in discussion where certain technicalities are ironed out. Now, when medals are ...., most people who just watch actions on television hardly realize what it takes to become a star. When all the....are considered and the high risk taken into account, one would realize that a star is worth the millions he earns. In the passage above the number  indicates a missing word. Four options are given in a column lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the gap.", cord, rope, strings, twine,rope,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"The life of a professional sportsman is hectic. Consider his typical day. As soon as he wakes up in the money, he jumps out of bed hurriedly and wears his....promptly, he goes out to ....for an hour or so, covering a few miles. However, on some other days, he might choose to practice with skipping.....at home. Having completed whichever one it is, he goes in for a shower and dresses for the day's training....this phase varies according to his specialty. If he is a boxer, he goes into the.....to deal with the punching bag and later with a sparring partner, usually under the watchful.....of his coach. If he is a sprinter, he engages in continuous practice.... his performance with a stopwatch. If he is in football, netball, volley ball, or lawn tennies, he can best practice with others while the coach watches, calling attention to specific skills and.....not mastered. In most cases, training lasts virtually the better part of a day, and often in discussion where certain technicalities are ironed out. Now, when medals are ...., most people who just watch actions on television hardly realize what it takes to become a star. When all the....are considered and the high risk taken into account, one would realize that a star is worth the millions he earns. In the passage above the number  indicates a missing word. Four options are given in a column lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the gap.", practice, sessions, regime, reharsals,sessions,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"The life of a professional sportsman is hectic. Consider his typical day. As soon as he wakes up in the money, he jumps out of bed hurriedly and wears his....promptly, he goes out to ....for an hour or so, covering a few miles. However, on some other days, he might choose to practice with skipping.....at home. Having completed whichever one it is, he goes in for a shower and dresses for the day's training....this phase varies according to his specialty. If he is a boxer, he goes into the.....to deal with the punching bag and later with a sparring partner, usually under the watchful.....of his coach. If he is a sprinter, he engages in continuous practice.... his performance with a stopwatch. If he is in football, netball, volley ball, or lawn tennies, he can best practice with others while the coach watches, calling attention to specific skills and.....not mastered. In most cases, training lasts virtually the better part of a day, and often in discussion where certain technicalities are ironed out. Now, when medals are ...., most people who just watch actions on television hardly realize what it takes to become a star. When all the....are considered and the high risk taken into account, one would realize that a star is worth the millions he earns. In the passage above the number  indicates a missing word. Four options are given in a column lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the gap.",staduim ,sports club ,sports centre ,gymnasuim ,gymnasuim ,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"The life of a professional sportsman is hectic. Consider his typical day. As soon as he wakes up in the money, he jumps out of bed hurriedly and wears his....promptly, he goes out to ....for an hour or so, covering a few miles. However, on some other days, he might choose to practice with skipping.....at home. Having completed whichever one it is, he goes in for a shower and dresses for the day's training....this phase varies according to his specialty. If he is a boxer, he goes into the.....to deal with the punching bag and later with a sparring partner, usually under the watchful.....of his coach. If he is a sprinter, he engages in continuous practice.... his performance with a stopwatch. If he is in football, netball, volley ball, or lawn tennies, he can best practice with others while the coach watches, calling attention to specific skills and.....not mastered. In most cases, training lasts virtually the better part of a day, and often in discussion where certain technicalities are ironed out. Now, when medals are ...., most people who just watch actions on television hardly realize what it takes to become a star. When all the....are considered and the high risk taken into account, one would realize that a star is worth the millions he earns. In the passage above the number  indicates a missing word. Four options are given in a column lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the gap.", supervision, custody, command, charge,supervision,,,FALSE
mTUoyBWKmiwyNnOEU8ck,WAEC English Language,2015,"The life of a professional sportsman is hectic. Consider his typical day. As soon as he wakes up in the money, he jumps out of bed hurriedly and wears his....promptly, he goes out to ....for an hour or so, covering a few miles. However, on some other days, he might choose to practice with skipping.....at home. Having completed whichever one it is, he goes in for a shower and dresses for the day's training....this phase varies according to his specialty. If he is a boxer, he goes into the.....to deal with the punching bag and later with a sparring partner, usually under the watchful.....of his coach. If he is a sprinter, he engages in continuous practice.... his performance with a stopwatch. If he is in football, netball, volley ball, or lawn tennies, he can best practice with others while the coach watches, calling attention to specific skills and.....not mastered. In most cases, training lasts virtually the better part of a day, and often in discussion where certain technicalities are ironed out. Now, when medals are ...., most people who just watch actions on television hardly realize what it takes to become a star. When all the....are considered and the high risk taken into account, one would realize that a star is worth the millions he earns. In the passage above the number  indicates a missing word. Four options are given in a column lettered A to D, choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the gap.", calculating, guaging, timing, assessing,timing,,,FALSE
