questionsGroupId,subjectName,year,question,optionA,optionB,optionC,optionD,correctAnswer,explanation,questionImageUrl,hasImage
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In each of the following sentences, there is one word uppercase and one gap. From the list of words lettered A - D, choose the word that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentences. It was a very HARMONIOUS meeting, without one.............note",divergent ,adverse ,discordant ,strident ,discordant,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In each of the following sentences, there is one word uppercase and one gap. From the list of words lettered A - D, choose the word that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentences. The man was accused of PREMEDITATED murder but he pleaded that it was...............",determined ,accidental ,planned ,contrived ,accidental,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In each of the following sentences, there is one word uppercase and one gap. From the list of words lettered A - D, choose the word that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentences. We nearly lost the trend of his argument because of its COMPLEXITY but the..............of his language was our saving grace",simplicity ,correctness ,openness ,naivety ,simplicity,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In each of the following sentences, there is one word uppercase and one gap. From the list of words lettered A - D, choose the word that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentences. Uche achieved ULTIMATE success after overcoming many..........difficulties",grave ,challenging ,first ,initial ,initial,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In each of the following sentences, there is one word uppercase and one gap. From the list of words lettered A - D, choose the word that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentences. I should know what to do in NORMAL circumstances but this is a very..............situation",different ,unlikely ,unusual ,imporbable ,unusual,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In each of the following sentences, there is one word uppercase and one gap. From the list of words lettered A - D, choose the word that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentences. This is quite surprising, you cannot differentiate between the AUTHENTIC and the.............receipt",false ,fake ,wrong ,illegal ,fake,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In each of the following sentences, there is one word uppercase and one gap. From the list of words lettered A - D, choose the word that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentences. Many people objected to the DEMOLITION of the toll gates whose.............cost millions of dollars",construction ,formation ,maintenance ,design ,construction,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In each of the following sentences, there is one word uppercase and one gap. From the list of words lettered A - D, choose the word that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentences. To some people, that custom is REPUGNANT but to others it is...............",captivating ,delightful ,popular ,acceptable ,acceptable,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In each of the following sentences, there is one word uppercase and one gap. From the list of words lettered A - D, choose the word that is most nearly opposite in meaning to the uppercase word and that will, at the same time, correctly fill the gap in the sentences. While the armed robber remained, UNRUFFLED after he had been arrested, his wife became...........",defiant ,rude ,agitated ,energetic ,agitated,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. Many people were seriously injured in the ...............accident, fortunately, nobody died.",ghastly ,fatal ,reckless ,dangerous ,ghastly,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The editor decided not to publish the..........article since the writer did not indicate his name",unmarked ,unlabelled ,anonymous ,stamped ,anonymous,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. Dende did not fulfill the requirement for admission and so was..............from taking the entrance examination",removed ,disqualified ,convicted ,implicated ,disqualified,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The murder suspect denied the grave allegations against him but the evidence so far has.............him",corroborated ,impeached ,convicted ,implicated ,implicated,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. It was difficult for the doctor to.............the patient's ailment",discover ,decide ,divine ,diagnose ,diagnose,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. The president granted the condemned prisoner a........",reprieve ,remission ,bail ,chance ,reprieve,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. It was quite.....................to have invested in that new business.",prosperous ,sufficient ,profitable ,successful ,profitable,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. They wished her................of the season.",compliments ,compliment ,complement ,complements ,compliments,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. Chief Koko never allows his name to be published in connection with his philanthropic activities because he..............publicity",lacks ,cherishes ,detests ,understands ,detests,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences. A befitting................was paid to the memory of the departed renowned professor, playwright and dramatist",tribute ,reward ,contribution ,praise ,tribute,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations of the sentence is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. The accused was caught red-handed by the police. This means that the accused was",made to wear red gloves ,thought to be in danger ,found in the very act ,found covered with blood ,found in the very act,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations of the sentence is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. The greatest problem of the leader is that he can see no further than his nose. This means that the leader",lacks foresight ,has no self-confidence ,has bad sight ,is easily deceived ,lacks foresight,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations of the sentence is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. He left the country to avoid loss of face. This means that he left the country to",make his fortune somewhere else ,seek revenge ,seek refuge ,avoid being publicly humiliated ,avoid being publicly humiliated,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations of the sentence is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. John was not really angry with Janet but she seems to have taken the matter very much to heart. This means that Janet",does not like him ,is very upset about the matter ,has taken the matter very lightly ,has had a serious talk with him ,is very upset about the matter,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations of the sentence is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. His driving made my hair stand on end. This means that his driving was",delightful ,frightening ,interesting ,exciting ,frightening,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations of the sentence is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. When the riot broke out in the school, only the Principal kept his head.This means that only the Principal",was not injured ,held his head high ,remained calm ,hid himself ,remained calm,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations of the sentence is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. Grace failed Mathematics last year but she has promised to turn over a new leaf this year. This means that this year Grace will",be more vigilant ,work harder ,cling to her books ,examine both sides of a leaf ,work harder,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations of the sentence is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. The woman supported her husband through thick and thin. This means that she supported her husband",in both good and bad health ,when he was fat and when he got thin ,whether he was behaving well or badly ,in both good and bad circumstances ,in both good and bad circumstances,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations of the sentence is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. Jumai thinks she is always right but I am determined to catch her out. This means that I am determined to",arrest her ,confront her ,prove that she can make a mistake ,make her agree that am right ,prove that she can make a mistake,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"After each of the following sentences, a list of possible interpretations of the sentence is given. Choose the interpretation that you consider most appropriate for each sentence. The preacher advised those who lost their property in the fire disaster not to lose hope as every cloud has a silver lining. This means that",there is a good side to all misfortunes ,when there is life there is hope ,to lose is a common noccurrence ,everybody must encounter misfortune in life ,there is a good side to all misfortunes,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the one that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. I CONCEDE that I am wrong on this point.",admit,pledge ,declare ,conclude ,admit,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"rom the words or group of words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the one that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. Within a short time, what was meant to be a peaceful demonstration ESCALATED into a riot.", rose, elevated, expanded, developed, developed,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the one that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. The students were INCENSED to hear that their school fees had been substantially increased.", enraged, disapponted, displeased, frightened,enraged,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the one that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. The flood that swept away the whole village was a CATASTROPHIC event",an unfortunate ,a disastrous ,a devilish ,an influriating ,a disastrous,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the one that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. The box contains the most VALUABLE of all his possession.", beautiful, costly, useful, admirable,costly,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the one that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. The decision I have taken is IRREVOCABLE", inapplicable, unacceptable, irreversible, irregular,irreversible,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the one that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. The chairman ended the meeting of the Cooperative society with A FITTING speech.",a short ,an improved ,an appropriate ,a brief ,an appropriate,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the one that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. I am delighted to speak before this AUGUST assembly.", monthly, popular, crowed, honourable, honourable,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the one that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. That class is unusually DISORDERLY today.", unruly, lawless, aggressive, unrestrined,unruly,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words or group of words lettered A to D below each of the following sentences, choose the one that is nearest in meaning to the uppercase word or group of words as it is used in the sentence. The report given by the boy is SUBSTANTIALLY correct and we have to decide what to do about it.", completely, largely, probably, understandably,largely,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The new economic policy took.........last year.",out,off,of,up,off,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: l'll look out.............you at the stadium.",for,at,to,on,for,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The men were reported ............the money fraudulently.",to take ,to have taken ,to having taken ,to be taking ,to have taken,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The boy's father made him............the medicine against his will",swallow ,to swallow ,swallowed ,to have swallowed ,swallow,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The bridge was blown............by enemy soldiers.",out,off,through,up,up,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Chukwuma explained that he...............home early yesterday to be able to catch the early bus",has to have ,has left ,had to leave ,was leaving ,had to leave,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: .............he comes, tell him I have left",should ,Should in case ,In case ,Whether ,In case,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Many a player.............to score a goal so as to be highly honoured.",is wanting ,wants ,want ,have wanted ,wants,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: You..............to know that you cannot succeed without hard work.",are supposed ,supposed ,suppose ,are suppose ,are supposed,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: By the time I left the police station, the suspect.............",was been questioned ,was been question ,was being questioned ,was being question ,was being questioned,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Mary has two dresses; one is dirty,..........., is wet",either ,another ,each ,the other ,the other ,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: That house across the road is................., isn't it?", their, theirs, their's, thiers,theirs,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Mr. Bello, with his wife and children,.............to the United States.",are travelling ,have travelled ,is travelling ,had travel ,is travelling,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The students refused to appear before the............panel set up to investigate the cause of the riot",ten-men ,ten-man ,ten-man's ,ten-men's ,ten-man,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The hardened criminal was convicted ..............the charges",of,on,for,over,of,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: I enjoy..............my grandson to school everday.",to driving ,to drive ,driving ,drive ,driving,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: It seems that they children are not paying attention,.............?",arenn't they ,doesn't it ,isn't it ,don't they ,isn't it,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: We knew you were not averse to............new friends",meeting ,meet ,having met ,have met ,meeting,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: We should have a special programme for.................in this country",the disableds ,disabled ,the disables ,the disabled ,the disabled,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Neither those girls nor that boy.............to blame for the error",are,were,is,have,is,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The pepper has been................by my sister", ground, grind, grounded, grinding,ground,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Mr. Jato is a regular visitor of................",our own ,our's ,ours ,ours' ,ours,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: I got into the room and discovered that there wasn't.............there.",no one ,someone ,anyone ,none ,anyone,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: It is too abstract..................concept for them to understand.",of a,as,for a,a,a,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Emmanuel is a man ...............great courage",about,of,by,for,of,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The lady enjoyed the dance...........the fact that she had a fever",knowing ,in spite ,even ,despite ,despite,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The children are all very enthusiastic.........the forthcoming festival",for,about,on,with,about,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Hardly had the family settled down for Mummy's special dinner............the lights went off",and,than,so,when,when,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The African extended family system gives security to...........members.",his,her,its,their,its,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The philanthropist has donated ..............machines to the village school.",modern duplicating large ,large modern duplicating ,large duplicating modern ,modern large duplicating ,large modern duplicating,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Perhaps what Akin told us............true after all",may not be ,should not be ,must not be ,shall not be ,may not be,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: The nurse inoculated.............pupil in the class.",all,every,many,those,every,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Well l've only got..............naira notes, but you can have twenty naria",small,few,a few,little,a few,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"From the words lettered A to D, choose the word that best completes each of the following sentences: Sule has been trying hard to live.............to his parent's expectations",up,over,on,in,up,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", weakenesses, signals, symptoms, signs,symptoms,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", grips, attacks, problems, disturbances,attacks,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", pressure, tension, mood, fever, fever,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", disease, discomfort, plague, upset,disease,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", germs, worms, parasites, flies,parasites,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", male, female, mature, ordinary,female,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", body, brain, blood, eyes,blood,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", turned, transmitted, directed, supplied,transmitted,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", headaches, heartache, dislocation, supplied,headaches,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", removed, weakened, crushed, eliminated, eliminated,,,FALSE
IOMfrC2sb2UROLBAgoK2,WAEC English Language,2009,"In the following passages the numbered gaps indicate missing words. Against each number in the below each passage, four options are offered in columns lettered A to D. choose the word that is the most suitable to fill the numbered gap in the passages. The main - of malaria are regular - of high -. The - is caused by -, which are carried by the - anopheles mosquito. The mosquito is infected when it bites a man who is already carrying malaria parasites in his -; if the mosquito bites another person after about two weeks, the disease is immediately - to him. After about ten days, the man experience general weakness, -, fever and sweating. In order to prevent malaria, mosquitoes must be -, and their - grounds must be completely destroyed. Patients must be treated promptly, and people who travel to regions of malaria should take prophylactic.", breathing, living, breeding, growing,breeding,,,FALSE
